Add an example to search for multi-byte pattern in an array (#39479)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/webrequest/streamfilter/ondata/index.md

);
```

> This example demonstrates, how to search for multi-byte pattern in an array:

Reviewer: @def00111 yes, I think this is now getting to the point where we need to move it out of the documentation into a web extensions example.

> This example demonstrates, how to search for multi-byte pattern in an array:

Author: I opened https://github.com/mdn/webextensions-examples/pull/586

```js
// JavaScript program to search the pattern in given array 
// using KMP Algorithm

> function constructLps(pat, lps) {

Author: Taken from https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/kmp-algorithm-for-pattern-searching/

);
```

This example demonstrates, how to search for multi-byte pattern in an array:

```js

> Object.defineProperty(Array.prototype, "indexOfMulti", {
>   value: function (searchElements, fromIndex) {
>     let i = this.indexOf(searchElements[0], fromIndex);
>     if (searchElements.length === 1 || i === -1) {
>       // Not found or no other elements to check
>       return i;
>     }
> 
>     if (i + searchElements.length > this.length) {
>       return -1;
>     }
> 
>     const initial = i;
>     for (let j = 1, l = searchElements.length; j < l; j++) {
>       if (this[++i] !== searchElements[j]) {
>         return this.indexOfMulti(searchElements, initial + 1);
>       }
>     }
>     return initial;
>   },
> });

Reviewer 2: Modifying built-in prototypes like this is generally considered an anti-pattern. It would be better to refactor this so `indexOfMulti` is a standalone function.

```suggestion
function indexOfMulti(arr, searchElements, fromIndex) {
  let i = arr.indexOf(searchElements[0], fromIndex);
  if (searchElements.length === 1 || i === -1) {
    // Not found or no other elements to check
    return i;
  }

  if (i + searchElements.length > arr.length) {
    return -1;
  }

  const initial = i;
  for (let j = 1, l = searchElements.length; j < l; j++) {
    if (arr[++i] !== searchElements[j]) {
      return indexOfMulti(arr, searchElements, initial + 1);
    }
  }
  return initial;
}
```

Reviewer 2: If you'd like to improve this example, I'd suggest revising this function to use the [KMP algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knuth%E2%80%93Morris%E2%80%93Pratt_algorithm) as this will reduce time spent on partial matches. That change isn't required for this PR, but if you don't want to make that change we should create a tracking issue to improve this in the future.

const encoder = new TextEncoder();
const elements = encoder.encode("WebExtension ");
const bytes = encoder.encode("Example");

function listener(details) {
  const filter = browser.webRequest.filterResponseData(details.requestId);

  const data = [];
  filter.ondata = (event) => {
    const buffer = new Uint8Array(event.data);
    for (let i = 0, l = buffer.length; i < l; i++) {
      data.push(buffer[i]);
    }
  };

  filter.onstop = (event) => {
    for (
      let i = data.indexOfMulti(bytes), m = elements.length, n = bytes.length;
      i >= 0;
      i = data.indexOfMulti(bytes, i + m + n)
    ) {
      // Insert "WebExtension " at the given index
      data.splice(i, 0, ...elements);
    }

    filter.write(new Uint8Array(data));
    filter.close();

>   };

Reviewer 2: Another suggestion that's out of scope for this PR: progressively apply the transform in `ondata` callbacks rather than buffering the entire file in memory and serially applying the transform at the end. This would improve scenarios where content can progressively render while streaming, such as with HTML responses.
